# web-fundamentals-

The first thing that struck me as particularly  impressive, was how incredibly little I know about the internet/web. From what I understand the web is the collection of things (files) that can be accessed and shared through the internet. The internet are the actual lines and computers that connect the world. The web can be run on the internet but the internet cannot be run on the web. Web pages are collections of files and links that can be accessed by anyone connected to the internet. HTTP stands for (hyper text transfer protocol) is a way for computers to communicate with eachother regardless of the distance between them. It is a conversation that computers have to swap files back and forth. All computers http operate similarly and the language is  almost always understood between them. Html allows all computers to understand the http files sent. HTML has tags and these tags can be read by  web browsers.  The URL of a webpage allows for each page to have a personalize location and makes it easier for the computers to communicate where the computer needs to go to find the files asked for. The browser is a program run by the client  computer that asks the other computer (server) for what it needs. 
After reading this article I feel as though I have found myself in somewhat of an existential crisis. How did this get discovered? When and how did some think “oh yea this air im breathing could potentially have the power to connect me to anything and anyone in the world." Althought this is a relatively knew invention it has progressed so much. I am beyong excited to learn about how we can contribute to its growth as well as learn how to work with it and speak the language! 
